hello in this new dr video of
mac 59
i introduced you the fcx colts
so it's a car that I found
in fact I had to fix us that
finally repaired are not calling it
do I buy a piece it takes
especially that I buy from the rocket
heaven here we can see that she is
pasted passes made equity and I
not yet time to go to the store for
buy the piece we also see that he
missing a quarter of an hour ahead so in
it's here in four-wheel drive
we see well behind so it's the fcx
so sticks for those who do not know
she is in an 18th so it's a small
model that is almost in the hand
his engine the c1 three hundred and seventy
so yes it happens to us pushed him
up to 35 km
this car with a phone we put
a speedometer had written 35
km hour
the battery so this one she is a
enemy and match it's a 2007 100
million terror in tamia connectivity
min so it's not a normal size
and at the mini the big peculiarity of this
model also is that there so what
case there here there are three tips in
same time there is the receiver the
speed variator for the motor and
the brain that we see no missile
it's the white thing that does all this
at the same time the remote control
jesse is exactly the same as the
two that I have in thermal
if we look good it's the same thing
except that it is not the model mark
kraft is nothing written but good
would be strongly that are and we
would say because the steering wheel for
turn is the same except one in
blue they also changed the antenna they
have cut a little
so it's a lot more practical a
like that it can be a bit ripped off
can do a lot of stuff that is
which is a little rotten with this kind
is that I do not know if he has
for your changed I think we had
did a test and it was 100 m after he
started messing around there are also all
Maya settings the trim to adjust the
direction there for thermal function this
would be idle here it's the same
except in electric and that's the
compensation of direction then
the andre man two switches reverse
so to change the brains the
the tons switch so the
red flashers
so that means you have to change
normally the batteries but good for the
test it will be enough so it's life six
this is a model that I appreciate
still in electric so 35 km
hour thoroughly at 35 or the all terrain there
should the pebbles she does not like too much
she jumps a little but on the ground that
it works nickel
so I tell you next time and we're going
go to tests in another video
thank you and see you next video